
SQL
	Structured Query Language 
	Domain Specific programming language 
	It is used to communicate with a Relational Database System (RDBS)
	SQL follows a English-like syntax and used to administor and manage
	databases.

	SQL has 5 sublanguages: 
	All SQL vendors must have support for these sublanguages. If they don't
	then they're not very good database vendors. 
		DML: Data Manipulation Language
			To be able to manipulate the data in tables!
			CRUD - Create, Read, Update, Delete
			Insert
			Select
			Update
			Delete
		DDL: Data Defintion Language
			To be able to manipulate tables!
			Create tables, delete tables, modifiy tables!
			Create 
			Drop 
			Truncate
			Alter
	*Extra Challenge: 
		I want to make sure that the calories of a fruit cannot be lower than 0
		(i.e. have a constraint to stop people inserting invalid data!)
		I want all fruit to have a name, so no null values in the name!
		Review Normalization
			
		DQL
		DCL
		TCL 

What is RDBS?
	(A category of Database Systems) Relational Database System. 
	A RDBS is a type of database that stores information in tables. 
	Tables consist of Rows and Columns, Columns define what can be stored
	and Rows are the actual "records".

	Relational Databases support relationship between tables (Foreign Key 
	relationship). To support these relationships, we have a "Schema". 
	Schema is an outline of all possibly related data structures. 

DB?
	Database is simply a place that we store and persist information! 

How to get a DB?
	Install a local database! (We'll be getting the PostgresSQL variant)
	Use a "as a service", Infrastructure as a service, product as a service, 
	software as a service, (code as a service).


	Product as a service (with ElephantSQL), A cloud provider like AWS or 
	ElephantSQL will host a product (RDS) that we can connect to over the 
	cloud. 
		
	Benefits: 
		We don't need to buy hardware to support these products. 
		We don't need to pay for anything extra, start up costs are cheaper. 
		More resilient to local hardware failure. 

	(Software as a service - Pega) 
	